you know this is the time of the year
when all the TV networks premiere the
new shows is premiere week and we have
something to premiere tonight to my new
daytime courtroom show I have always
wanted a host a show like Judge Judy or
the People's Court really and so we sent
some producers to LA County small claims
court to find people who had real cases
pending and we asked them to allow me to
hear their grievances these are real
grievances and now I am thrilled to
present the premiere of my new show
Judge James enjoy this is the plank
Ornella March she claims the defendant
Julia Moreno Sodra pontiac g6 then
reported it stolen
she was arrested on false charges and is
now suing for nine thousand nine hundred
dollars this is the defendant Julian
Moreno he maintains that he's never met
the plaintiff and sold the g6 to a third
party who failed to make payments
forcing him to report it stolen it's a
case of the pink slip up rice your 8th
right hand what you were about to
witness is real participants are not
actors they're actively litigants with a
case pending in civil court all mornings
of a group to drop their claims to have
their case decided here by Judge Jay
I'm here thank you please be seated
oh that's my job oh now you can see it
in the core in the pork here your honor
the Nick Nick means has been
showing you Horace's ten ligament
illegal meds yeah ligament has been
swelling your honor
I reviewed the legal mince the plaintiff
Ornella Bess Kerr a mulac March is that
correct yes why do you have so many last
names cuz I got married recently I see
congratulations thank you where are you
from Croatia Croatia you're suing Julian
Moreno Julian for ninety nine hundred
dollars because you claimed he
unlawfully sold you a 2008 Pontiac g6
through Craigslist that he did not own
he hadn't paid off
yes hmm then you Julian reported it
stolen causing you to be arrested mr.
Miranda you claim you never sold the car
to the plaintiff is that correct correct
who put us out around December and uh
somebody answered the ad on Craigslist
yes those are two males I guess when we
met him up on uh probably here in
Hollywood you have any information on
these men contact information I have
text messages you want to see them from
them
yes yeah so you still old how much on
the car about seven thousand seven
thousand dollars on the car they paid
you how much 220 we're just doing our
take over payments pretty much uh-huh
and you did not get anything signed from
them no far as an agreement to make the
payments it was all verbal and you
trusted them to make the payments yeah
even though they were strangers you met
on Craigslist right what's wrong with
you
it was my fault it was your fault
yeah who answered the Craigslist ad when
you you called I believe was the funnel
because the voice that I've told the
voice when I called it kind of matches
his voice as well I never actually met
the defendant but uh I'm definitely sure
that if his story's fake you believe
that he is not telling the truth he
reported the car stolen four and a half
months after I bought it can I tell you
why we we parted it stolen yes you can
the financial company was calling us
saying you're not making the payments so
I told him just cook reported stolen
he's not making the payments and it's
making my husband's credit bad this is
not true because when I went to the DMV
to register the car and I called the
bank when they told me that I owed seven
thousand dollars more they said that mr.
Juliano said that would pay off his loan
how did you find the bank information
because I'm bill of sale that I got when
I bought the car he had all juniors
information do you have it with you the
bill of sale oh how I'll ask the
questions do you have it with you the
bill of sale the reason why I don't have
a bill of sale is because all the
paperwork for the car were in the car
when I got arrested and all the
paperwork that I had in the car we take
it when the bank took the car I have it
a text messages of the guy I was talking
to and we all payments and I told him
how much the monthly payment was here
you are Thank You bailiff I have
messages with mr. Julien and his friend
they said that the reason why they're
bringing in the car is because mr.
Julian's wife is pregnant and he can't
make it is it their way from Spain your
wife is special I wasn't doing it in
December I just girls I see you have
this guy in your contacts as guy we sold
the car to yes you don't have his name
um no I don't and you have them list
this guy listed as Pontiac owner name
was that day when I was buying the car
never really changed it cuz otherwise I
would have it as I'm gonna kill you
or now you think that the defendants
duped you somehow of course who sells a
car without taking the information of
people that's gonna pay off the loan I
mean like I'm a little bit stupid for
not taking the pink slip but you really
have to be done for today I just say I
think you're both stupid Jermal what do
you make of this oh I think foreign
people when it comes to buy things
they're not too smart you are witness to
this yeah I was a witness and a day when
we got arrested
is it true that there are various gossip
sites that say you are dating Mick
Jagger is that true and remember you
know Julie have you and Mick Jagger ever
made love yeah oh you did not know it
says here you work at the Hat restaurant
is that correct no we met we met them
you met at the Hat restaurant does that
mean Arby's no there's a restaurant girl
with the hat yeah Your Honor I have a
question yes the hottest would they sell
pastrami they do the best for char me
and yeah they do yeah I try it yeah its
rival time I wrote when I was in high
school it is it what it was in a ham
bruh
am I gonna have to have you arrested for
contempt of court no no no is it true
that it's in a hombro there's one of
them there but we didn't go to that one
the best pastrami sandwich Your Honor we
should go and bring them with us yeah
yeah we'll bring the girls yeah yeah
yeah all right we have a we have a very
horny bailiff here oh this is a
complicated case yeah um Masha I have a
question for you you were in the car at
the time of the arrest
yes on a scale of one to ten how would
you rate Mick Jagger sexually and
remember you're under oath said I just
don't have words you don't have words
for English is really bad Your Honor I
am going to have to go to my chambers to
think of in fact I'd like to take some
of the some of the hot chicks from the
they're very hot yet from the gallery my
chamber
with me and we'll figure this out
bailiff collect them I'll be back to
rule I'm also gonna keep your phones in
case there are any naked pictures on
your honor how many as many as you can
get will Judge James rule that the
plaintiff is entitled to damages for
fraud and being arrested on charges of
false vehicle theft or was it within the
defendants legal rights to report the g6
stolen and did this woman do it with
Mick Jagger Judge James verdict when we
return this Croatian Craigslist shopper
claims she bought a car the defendant
didn't know this defendant claims he
never sold her the car in question this
woman may have slept with Mick Jagger
this bailiff loves pastrami sandwiches
and this judge is about to rule let's
listen oh I can totally help you with
that visa thing I'm a judge you know so
yeah no problem
that's no problem Oh are we on oh we're
back okay
so I went through the hold on you can
sit down right now yes everybody makes
be seated I went through the information
and the texts were sent from three
different numbers so the problem here is
we cannot find the third party the
person who was in the middle of both of
these transactions I believe both of
your stories but the burden of proof is
on the plaintiff and since we cannot
prove that the defendants defrauded you
I rule in favor of the defendants all
right follow me
okay the case has concluded judge James
has rendered his verdict let me ask you
a question here's a Luo Wow
let me just ask you this did you think
you were gonna stroll in here and win
this case cuz you're just a bunch of hot
off the chart girls that's how we're
doing in Europe yeah I kind of thought
the same thing I don't know what's wrong
with my cousin hmm and the beast of
burden of proof got you in the end
didn't it I don't know it almighty
action I'm sorry it's another Rolling
Stone joke all right move it like Jagger
okay wow look at this this one likes me
and now the winners the defendants come
in how'd you feel about Judge James
verdict agree yeah yes we're telling the
truth so we won that's the best part and
you plan on rewarding Judge James by
naming your child after him uh thinking
about it there you go
at least a tattoo or something all right
go get me one of those pastrami
sandwiches on the next judge James I
used to drag race myself for a lot of
years drag racing is when you race
dressed as a woman I knew it wasn't the
oil pump your honor thanks for calling
me Your Honor by the way I appreciate it
it's nice right yeah it's very nice just
nice
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel are you sad that the
video is over will subscribe to our
YouTube channel and you will never be
sad again ever